Hi, guys.
Walker.
In this lecture, you will fully understand what a container does.
Now, what we're going to do is we're going to have a box over here, and within the box, we can have
widgets inside it.
But before then, we can just create a container.
Okay, now, after this row, we can just have the train a comma.
If we don't have a train, come over there and we can then have a container.
A container.
And as you know, the container has the height property and we can see heights of 60.
And in order to have access to a lot of properties the container has, we can then have a declaration
and a box declaration class.
Okay.
And the first step is to specify the colour of the container and we could say colours.
Those whites had the green cover and use container and has to save.
You can see the via OC.
Right and.
We can make this a bit round.
Rounded.
The box decoration has the border radius and we could say border radius.
But every year.
The secular of.
15.
We could just go to 15.
We just go with 15 and go check this out.
But you can see it's a bit rounded.
Now, this is the reason we have to use the box decoration.
Now, what we're going to do had the train come away and we can get rid of this decoration.
Right.
And we still have access to the colours property.
So you can see colours that whites can use containers.
You can see we still have access to the the Carlos property.
We sell the container.
But the problem is we do not have access to the border radius, you can see.
So that was the reason we have to get rid of this and have a declaration and then a box declaration.
Both decoration and we this way we have access to the colors and also we do have access to the border
radius where the radius.
The circular of 15 and some additional purposes added to the cover is necessary.
And you can see we have this round, this shape.
Now what we're going to do is we're going to give space between each hedge that is the left to right
sub bottom and all sides.
To do that we have to wrap this container with a paddle.
So use counter and dots and wrap with padding of maybe ten.
Ten.
So.
It's going to.
Well, it's very safe again.
And.
Go check it out.
You can see the space we have now.
It's in the container.
We can then have a chart.
In Tanzania right after the border with a box to cushion the child.
The child is going to be a column because we want multiple widgets within the container.
Right.
And they're going to be displayed vertically, that is from top to bottom.
So this is going to be a column, column widgets.
And as you know, the column can take multiple.
We just as these children, we're just going to stop here.
Then in the next lecture, we're going to continue from here.
Before then, use control.
And that's to save.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.